PBS you know the people who make tote
bags a PBS did a survey and they asked
what is your favorite book and according
to what they found America's favorite
novel is to Kill a Mockingbird by Harper
Lee which to me that sounds like PBS is
what it sounds like because I think to
kill a mockingbird is America's favorite
novel to say is their favorite novel and
someone asks them what is your favorite
novel so to test that theory out I
thought it would be fun to do a little
poll of our only went on the street we
asked people what is your favorite novel
that's what that was the question what's
your favorite novel and here's what they
said what's your name and where you from
Matt Higgins I'm from Boston Mass Matt
what is your favorite novel my favorite
novel no clue no I don't think I've ever
read a novel never in your life never in
my whole life my favorite novel let me
see well I like like I don't really read
that much I guess I actually don't
really read books so
my favorite novel if I read probably
like Pet Cemetery where you say if you
read the book - and it was like this
thing what's your favorite novel
what's a novel it's a name a novel the
Bible what is your favorite novel my
favorite novel shoot I'm gonna have to
go with I can't think of any and I just
got out of school right now - my teacher
would be pissed
what is your favorite novel feel fear
yeah it's about Donald Trump and that's
nonfiction we wish it were fiction yeah
what is your favorite novel my favorite
novel oh I don't read books but first of
all I could think of probably Moby Dick
well we did you read that no I hadn't
read it by here's Bobby well yeah that's
all about it that's all I know really
about it seems pretty interesting you
plan to read it someday yeah okay cool
it did well enjoy yes thank you thanks I
am Jimmy Kimmel click below to subscribe
to our YouTube channel or if you want to
be that way about it though